katalog/elasticsearch-single/README.md, before:

# Elasticsearch Single

Elasticsearch is an open source distributed search and analytics engine used for
log analytics. This package deploys a single node Elasticsearch cluster on
Kubernetes.

## Requirements

- Kubernetes >= `1.14.0`
- Kustomize >= `v3`
- [prometheus-operator](https://github.com/sighup-io/fury-kubernetes-monitoring/tree/master/katalog/prometheus-operator)


## Image repository and tag

* Elasticsearch image: `docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:6.8.8`
* Elasticsearch repo: https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch
* Elasticsearch documentation: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/6.8/index.html


## Configuration

Fury distribution Elasticsearch Single is deployed with the following configuration:

- Single node
- Listens on port `9200` for client connections
- Listens on port `9300` for node-to-node connections
- Uses default unicast Zen Discovery module to discover Elasticsearch nodes
- Resource limits are `2000m` for CPU and `3G` for memory
- Requires `30Gi` storage
- Prometheus exporter to expose Elasticsearch metrics
- Metrics are scraped by Prometheus every `30s`


## Deployment

You can deploy Elasticsearch Single by running following command in the root of
the project:

```shell
$ kustomize build | kubectl apply -f -
```

To learn how to customize compute resources for Elasticsearch please follow the
[example](../../examples/elasticsearch-resources).


## License

For license details please see [LICENSE](../../LICENSE)

Commit message:

Updating elasticsearch rules and docs

katalog/elasticsearch-single/README.md, after:

# Elasticsearch Single

Elasticsearch is an open source distributed search and analytics engine used for
log analytics. This package deploys a single node Elasticsearch cluster on
Kubernetes.

## Requirements

- Kubernetes >= `1.14.0`
- Kustomize >= `v3`
- [prometheus-operator](https://github.com/sighup-io/fury-kubernetes-monitoring/tree/master/katalog/prometheus-operator)


## Image repository and tag

* Elasticsearch image: `docker.elastic.co/elasticsearch/elasticsearch:6.8.8`
* Elasticsearch repo: https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch
* Elasticsearch documentation: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/6.8/index.html


## Configuration

Fury distribution Elasticsearch Single is deployed with the following configuration:

- Single node
- Listens on port `9200` for client connections
- Listens on port `9300` for node-to-node connections
- Uses default unicast Zen Discovery module to discover Elasticsearch nodes
- Resource limits are `2000m` for CPU and `3G` for memory
- Requires `30Gi` storage
- Prometheus exporter to expose Elasticsearch metrics
- Metrics are scraped by Prometheus every `30s`


## Deployment

You can deploy Elasticsearch Single by running following command in the root of
the project:

```shell
$ kustomize build | kubectl apply -f -
```

To learn how to customize compute resources for Elasticsearch please follow the
[example](../../examples/elasticsearch-resources).

## Alerts

Followings Prometheus [alerts](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/alerting_rules/) are already defined for this package.

### es.rules
| Parameter | Description | Severity | Interval |
|------|-------------|----------|:-----:|
| ElasticClusterRed | This alert fires when the health of the elasticsearch cluster is RED | critical | 30m |
| ElasticClusterYellow | This alert fires when the health of the elasticsearch cluster is YELLOW | warning | 30m |
| ElasticNumberOfRelocationShards | This alert fires when there are relocating shards for 30 minutes | warning | 30m |
| ElasticNumberOfInitializingShards | This alert fires when there are initializing shards for 30 minutes | warning | 30m |
| ElasticNumberOfUnassignedShards | This alert fires when there are unassigned shards for 30 minutes | warning | 30m |
| ElasticNumberOfPendingTasks | This alert fires when there pending task for 30 minutes | warning | 30m |


## License

For license details please see [LICENSE](../../LICENSE)
