# Logging Core Module Release 2.0.0

Welcome to the latest release of `logging` module of [`Kubernetes Fury
Distribution`](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution) maintained by team
SIGHUP.

This is a major release that replaces the self-managed fluentd and fluent-bit stack with the Banzai logging operator and
it's related configurations.

> 💡 Please refer the release notes of the minor version
> [`v2.0.0`](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-kubernetes-logging/releases/tag/v2.0.0)
> if you are upgrading from a version `< v1.10.1`

## Component Images 🚢

| Component       | Supported Version                                                                                      | Previous Version |
|---------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| `elasticsearch`     | [`v7.16.2`](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/release-notes-7.16.3.html) | `No update`      |
| `kibana`            | [`v7.16.2`](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/release-notes-7.16.2.html)                  | `No update`      |
| `cerebro`           | [`v0.9.4`](https://github.com/lmenezes/cerebro/releases/tag/v0.9.4)                                    | `No update`      |
| `curator`           | [`v5.8.4`](https://github.com/elastic/curator/releases/tag/v5.8.4)                                     | `No update`      |
| `logging-operator`  | [`v3.17.0`](https://github.com/banzaicloud/logging-operator/releases/tag/3.17.0)                       | `New component`  |

> Please refer the individual release notes to get a detailed info on the
> releases. It is worth visiting the release notes of `elasticsearch` and `kibana`

## New component: Welcome Banzai logging operator! 📕

This release completely removes the self managed fluentd and fluentbit stack in favor of the Banzai logging operator.

> Why?

The Logging operator automates the fluentd and fluentbit deployment, and it also manages the configuration.
You will be able to self managed additional logging configurations , flows and outputs (for example, you need to send
logs to another output)
without the need to patch the fluentd or fluentbit configuration directly.

## Update Guide 🦮

Remove the old fluentd and fluentbit stack:

```bash
kubectl delete ds fluentbit -n logging
kubectl delete sts fluentd -n logging
```

And apply the new stack:

```bash
kustomize build vendor/katalog/logging-operator | kubectl apply -f -
kustomize build vendor/katalog/logging-operated | kubectl apply -f -
kustomize build vendor/katalog/configs | kubectl apply -f -
```

Note: inside the `configs` folder there are multiple logging configurations, you can pick only a subset of them to
apply.

## New logging architecture, deep dive 🔬

The new logging architecture leverages the [Banzai](https://banzaicloud.com) logging operator for all the logging 
configurations.

The main logging stack is made by a fluentd StatefulSet and a fluent-bit DaemonSet.
fluentbit DaemonSet gather logs from all the nodes, adds the metadata and sends them to the fluentd stack.
fluentd stack is configured via Flow, Outputs, ClusterFlow and ClusterOutputs. Every time one of the latter is created/updated,
a config check job is triggered.
If the configuration passes the check, the config is applied in a hot fashion to the fluentd stack.

### Configs

Type of available config packages:

- `katalog/configs`: all the configurations.
- `katalog/configs/kubernetes`: only the cluster wide pods logging configuration.
- `katalog/configs/ingress-nginx`: only the nginx-ingress-controller logging configuration.
- `katalog/configs/systemd`: all the systemd related configurations.
- `katalog/configs/audit`: all the Kubernetes audit logs related configurations (with master selector and tolerations).
- `katalog/configs/events`: all the Kubernetes events related configurations (with master selector and tolerations).
- `katalog/configs/systemd/kubelet`: only the kubelet systemd service logs configuration.
- `katalog/configs/systemd/etcd`: only the kubelet etcd service logs configuration (with master selector and tolerations).
- `katalog/configs/systemd/ssh`: only the ssh systemd service logs configuration.
- `katalog/configs/systemd/docker`: only the docker systemd service logs configuration.

Each of the above config packages has its own Flow/ClusterFlow and Output/ClusterOutput.

### Additional features

- The official Grafana dashboard is enabled in the logging stack
- ServiceMonitors and PrometheusRules are enabled in the logging stack
- Fluentd errors are pushed in a dedicated minio instance








