katalog/loki-single/README.md, before:

# Loki Single

<!-- <KFD-DOCS> -->

> 🚨 This package is in technical preview and is subject to change.

Loki is a horizontally scalable, highly available, multi-tenant log aggregation system inspired by Prometheus.
It is designed to be very cost effective and easy to operate.
It does not index the contents of the logs, but rather a set of labels for each log stream.

## Requirements

- Kubernetes >= `1.21.0`
- Kustomize >= `v3.5.3`
- [prometheus-operator from KFD monitoring module][prometheus-operator]
- [grafana from KFD monitoring module][grafana] (module version `>=1.15.0`)

> Prometheus Operator is necessary since we configure a `ServiceMonitor` to make
> some metrics available from `loki` on prometheus

## Image repository and tag

* Loki image: `grafana/loki`
* Loki repo: [Loki on Github][loki-gh]

## Configuration

Loki Stack Single is deployed with the following configuration:

- Single node
- Listens on port `3100` for client connections and metrics scraping
- Resource limits are `200m` for CPU and `512Mi` for memory
- Requires `10Gi` storage

## Deployment

You can deploy Loki Stack Single by running the following command in the root of
the project:

```shell
kustomize build | kubectl apply -f -
```

<!-- Links -->

[prometheus-operator]: https://github.com/sighup-io/fury-kubernetes-monitoring/blob/master/katalog/prometheus-operator
[grafana]: https://github.com/sighup-io/fury-kubernetes-monitoring/blob/master/katalog/grafana
[loki-gh]: https://github.com/grafana/loki

<!-- </KFD-DOCS> -->

## License

For license details please see [LICENSE](../../LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add info on how to see logs

katalog/loki-single/README.md, after:

# Loki Single

<!-- <KFD-DOCS> -->

> 🚨 This package is in technical preview and is subject to change.

Loki is a horizontally scalable, highly available, multi-tenant log aggregation system inspired by Prometheus.
It is designed to be very cost effective and easy to operate.
It does not index the contents of the logs, but rather a set of labels for each log stream.

## Requirements

- Kubernetes >= `1.21.0`
- Kustomize >= `v3.5.3`
- [prometheus-operator from KFD monitoring module][prometheus-operator]
- [grafana from KFD monitoring module][grafana] (module version `>=1.15.0`)

> Prometheus Operator is necessary since we configure a `ServiceMonitor` to make
> some metrics available from `loki` on prometheus

## Image repository and tag

* Loki image: `grafana/loki`
* Loki repo: [Loki on Github][loki-gh]

## Configuration

Loki Stack Single is deployed with the following configuration:

- Single node
- Listens on port `3100` for client connections and metrics scraping
- Resource limits are `200m` for CPU and `512Mi` for memory
- Requires `10Gi` storage

## Deployment

You can deploy Loki Stack Single by running the following command in the root of
the project:

```shell
kustomize build | kubectl apply -f -
```

This project also implements a dynamic Loki datasource that our Grafana from the monitoring stack automatically fetches and configures.
To see the logs, navigate in Grafana to the [explore section][grafana-explore-doc].

<!-- Links -->

[prometheus-operator]: https://github.com/sighup-io/fury-kubernetes-monitoring/blob/master/katalog/prometheus-operator
[grafana]: https://github.com/sighup-io/fury-kubernetes-monitoring/blob/master/katalog/grafana
[grafana-explore-doc]: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/explore/
[loki-gh]: https://github.com/grafana/loki

<!-- </KFD-DOCS> -->

## License

For license details please see [LICENSE](../../LICENSE)
